## This report is based on the raw dataset of diabetic_data.csv

The dataset provided by the UCI Machine Learning Repository contains a lot of information; however, some of it is redundant and incorrect.  With 48 different and unique columns, there was a lot the comb through.  There are a few columns that do not contain any to little information.  Luckily, these columns do not (at first glance) seem to have a potential effect on the readmission.  There are other underlying issues with the dataset that will be addressed.
  
The major problem that is witnessed in the dataset is the inclusion of string text.  While reviewing it with the human eye, it’s really convenient and easy to read.  The only problem that follows is when a data analyst (or related) comes to review this information.  Computers work analysis better with integers rather than string values.  This means converting strings such as the race (Caucasian, African American, Other, etc.) to an integer would be the first thing to be done.  Another problem faced is specifically with the age category.  The patient’s age is in a range value (0-10, 10-20, etc.) rather than their exact age.  This is a bit of a problem due to the fact we are dealing with several integer values.  The only real practical solution is to revalue the ages to an individual integer value such as describing the ages between 0 and 10 as just 10.  In the cleaned dataset, the age range is set to take the highest value in the range.  I.e., 0 to 10 would take the value of 10 and 10 to 20 would take the value of 20.  Another inconsistency is with the patient’s listed specialty that they had visited.  While several patients have it listed, many do not.  The specialty may have an impact on the readmission rate, so all the blank values would have to be set to null in order to prevent hindering.  In later analysis, those columns may be dropped depending on the issues that arise.  Towards the end of the dataset, a bunch of “No” and “None” values start to show up.  As mentioned about string values, these must be replaced with an integer value.  Lastly, the actual readmission should be placed into 2 categories due to the question posed.  Readmission of greater than 30 days will be grouped with the no readmission.  This is due to the fact the question is solely focused on within 30 days.  
